hey welcome back Phil you two words it's
me I work Ferris here back on
motherboards org right off the bat I
just want to say thank you so much to
everybody took the time to go out of
their way and make a video for this new
battlefield 3 contest that we had I mean
all you guys had so much effort it was
so hard to pick winners I finally just
kind of had to detach myself a little
group my friend just go to the videos
and pick the ones that they thought were
the best because you guys just did a
great effort I just want to say thank
you sloot out to all you people out
there your guys's videos were funny some
of you guys really went the extra way to
take effort and do that and so I've
really expanded the prize list quite a
bit you guys knew originally I was just
giving the video card the mousepad to
bf3 code well I've expanded those prizes
quite a bit from that because you guys
did want a hell of a job and a few you
girls did one hell of a job too so let's
start out and we'll announce the winner
the first winner is a kid named Noah now
this kid made a funny ass video he goes
around shooting his friend tea bag and
his friend doing all kinds of crazy
stuff in his video like almost like some
of the professional battlefield 3 videos
I've seen people out there faking so
Noah poleaxe number poleaxe 007 or
Pollock I mean pup Pollock excuse me I
don't mean to say it wrong you know 007
hey guy you are the winner who celebrate
but hey you're 18 so make sure you send
me your parents
because they'll actually be the ones to
win and I liked her I do you said you're
going to give this video card to your
friend because he doesn't have it well
that's just great the next winner this
next winter she's a girl in Canada and
she made a pretty funny video with her
dad and so because of that we decide to
add another category and give away
another video card I don't know exactly
what video card will be but it'll be one
that's able to play battlefield 3 no
problem just got to make some phone
calls get somebody else to commit and
then we'll get it shipped out to you as
well we also we don't want to forget
those people though who just took time
to go either way and take the effort and
so for those guys we actually have some
other runner-up prizes now I'm going to
give away two more battlefield 3 coats
of these guys the first one is k1n
Slayer this guy played a cool guitar
video to the game he's playing guitar
not bad guitar playing you there guy
thumbs up or who I her you want to put
that you know so he's number one guy and
then the number two for the runner-up is
a guy called rune mix are you any mi ex
he made a well-made video we liked it
you're also one of our prize winners
also we're going to have a swag pack for
some people out there who took the time
to do it as well we're going to give you
guys for their game codes and some
t-shirts so the first one of those ones
is I think I fresh Menza he made a funny
one he was making fun of me and rodney
reynolds that was pretty funny put a
little facemask and stuff like that that
was a pretty good one and then the other
one as I'm trouble reading this it looks
like district 9 sniping home this is the
guy who had his mom come on it was like
one of the very first years that people
actually responded to he had his mom
come on there and say she likes
battlefield 3 more than modern warfare
she said modern warfare suck because the
graphics well I got to tell you mom you
got that right 107th from this guy and
then last but not least I'm going to
give away some other game codes I'm just
going to go dig him up and getting with
this guy and this guy is called kir
brought he's a guy over in Germany he
made a kind of a funny video just saying
hey I'm broken any of my computer Lee
battlefield 3 but it was a cool effort
so basically all these prizes are thanks
to you folks for making the videos there
were some people out there who talked
major shit when we first posted this up
saying oh I like to better we just
didn't do anything well we're an
interactive channel or a social media
channel and we
want you to be involved and these videos
don't feel bad if you didn't win you got
to spend time lots of people watched
your videos and laughed at them be happy
with that it could be your first start
of something that you never know I just
want to thank once again all you folks
for participating stay tuned because I'm
also going to have the 75 k sub contest
coming up very soon and that's going to
feature some really awesome shit take it
easy guys heartfelt thanks to all you
who's put the time into doing these
videos
you